# vivo X200 FE Launches in Pakistan: Compact Telephoto Flagship with ZEISS Pro-Level Camera and Sleek Design

**Author:** Shaheer Mirza
**Source:** [https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/14/vivo-x200-fe-launches-in-pakistan-compact-telephoto-flagship-with-zeiss-pro-level-camera-and-sleek-design/#google_vignette](https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/14/vivo-x200-fe-launches-in-pakistan-compact-telephoto-flagship-with-zeiss-pro-level-camera-and-sleek-design/#google_vignette)
**Published:** 2025-07-14T05:04:09+00:00
**Extracted:** 2025-07-16 17:02:08

---

.entry-header<span class="full-screen-icon"><a href="#"><i class="fa fa-
arrows-alt"></i></a></span>![](https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/vivo-X200-FE-1-1.jpg)Sticky Sharing ButtonsContent
AreaPost Content goes here

vivo unveils the X200 FE, its first compact telephoto flagship in the X
series, marking a new milestone in bringing flagship-level experiences to
compact smartphones. It combines ZEISS 100x Telephoto Zoom, powerful imaging
capabilities, advanced performance, and bold color expression ‚Äî all in a
compact, one-handed form factor. Priced at Rs. 219,999, the vivo X200 FE
challenges the long-held notion that compact phones require a compromise in
capability.

#### Imaging: The Compact Heir to the X Series‚Äô Telephoto Legacy

The vivo X200 FE‚Äôs 100x ZEISS Telephoto Zoom delivers impressive reach in a
compact form, combining high-quality optics, intelligent AI, and versatile
shooting modes to suit both casual users and photography enthusiasts.

The vivo X200 FE introduces the Stage Mode, tailored for capturing dynamic
live scenes with heightened energy and realism. Supported by the Sony IMX882
Ultra-Sensitive Sensor and AI Telephoto Enhance, it brings out stunning
details in foliage and architecture alike.

The newly designed trapezoidal prism periscope lens utilizes an M-shaped
optical path to achieve a compact camera module with reduced height and lens
volume perfectly aligned with the X200 FE‚Äôs identity as a powerful yet sleek
telephoto flagship.

With no compromises, the vivo X200 FE offers full Multifocal Portrait
capabilities. Expanding beyond portraiture, the addition of Live Photo format
ensures seamless compatibility with iPhone Live Photos, enabling richer
storytelling and easier cross-platform sharing.

vivo X200 FE not only reproduces the world in front of the lens it also
expresses the world within. The phone revives the century-old soul of ZEISS
lenses with seven classic bokeh effects and cinematic flare rendering,
allowing users to craft atmospheric and emotionally resonant portraits. In an
age where perfection is the default, Street Photography Mode embraces
imperfection‚Äîblurred, grainy, or overexposed‚Äîto preserve authenticity and
human essence. While the screen is off, quickly press the ‚ÄúVolume Down‚Äù button
twice in succession to activate Street Photography Mode what you see is what
you get.

Supported by AI Image Studio including new features as AI Magic Move, AI Image
Expander and AI Reflection Erase, the X200 FE invites users to unleash their
creativity through professional-grade tools in a compact, travel-friendly
device.

#### Performance: Even More Powerful in a Smaller Form‚ÄîRedefining Compact
Flagship Performance

Defying expectations of size limitations, the X200 FE integrates top-tier
performance in a slim, lightweight form factor delivering speed, endurance,
and intelligent functionality at a level exceeding even larger flagships.

Under its ultra-thin frame lies a 6500 mAh BlueVolt Battery supported by 90W
FlashCharge, making long-lasting usage and fast top-ups a daily reality. A
fully charged vivo X200 FE delivers up to 9.5 hours of continuous gaming, 25.4
hours of YouTube video playback, and 44.9 hours of voice calls‚Äîproving that
‚Äúsmall in size‚Äù can still mean ‚Äúpro in battery life‚Äù.

The X200 FE is powered by the MediaTek Dimensity 9300+ flagship chipset. It
handles intensive multitasking and file loading with near-zero latency. Packed
with productivity-boosting features like Stereo Dual Speakers, Multi-Scenario
NFC, and Infrared Remote Control, the phone adapts seamlessly to work and life
scenarios.

#### Design: Compact in Size, Bold in Style Crafted for a Generation that
Lives Light and Thinks Big

Targeted at a new generation of self-motivated professionals and spirited life
enthusiasts, the vivo X200 FE embodies their need for efficiency, creativity,
and freedom of expression. Compact yet powerful, it empowers everyday life
with ease, energy, and style.

The X200 FE features a 6.31‚Ä≥ ultra-portable body with a width of 71.76mm,
thickness of just 7.99mm and weighs only 186g. Precision internal component
stacking achieves a perfectly balanced 1:1 weight distribution, while its
refined and minimalist camera module takes up only 9% of the body‚Äôs rear
surface. Designed for today‚Äôs fast-paced, flexible lifestyles, the vivo X200
FE meets one of the most essential and practical needs for younger users: a
premium flagship smartphone that can be fully operated with just one hand.

The design takes inspiration from the classic ‚Äúsquircle‚Äù form‚Äîa balanced blend
of square and circle‚Äîto offer a visually soft yet structurally strong profile.
The Rhythm Eye camera design not only elevates aesthetics but also enhances
ergonomic comfort in any orientation. The Metallic Sand Anti-Glare finish
improves surface texture by approximately 40% over traditional AG, delivering
a refined and sophisticated touch.

Offered in two expressive color options Blue and Black, the X200 FE breaks
visual monotony, exuding a youthful yet premium aura. Built with aerospace-
grade aluminum, the structural frame delivers robust drop resistance while
maintaining a lightweight profile. The device is certified with IP68 and IP69
for Dust and Water Resistance, SGS Triple Protection Certification, and
Military-grade Certification, the X200 FE adapts to diverse lifestyles from
outdoor adventures to daily commutes‚Äîwithout sacrificing durability.

Enhancing the visual experience is the ZEISS Master Color Display, offering
cinematic color accuracy and immersive clarity. The 1.5K LTPO display reaches
HBM (High Brightness Mode) 1800 nits brightness for all-weather readability,
while 2160 Hz PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) dimming and SGS Low Blue Light
Certification ensure long-lasting comfort during late-night use.

#### The Uncompromised Compact Telephoto Flagship, Made for Today‚Äôs Generation

With the vivo X200 FE, users no longer have to choose between size and power.
This device represents the new benchmark for compact flagship
smartphones‚Äîdelivering expressive design, professional ZEISS imaging, and
performance excellence, all in a lightweight body that fits right in your
hand. It is vivo‚Äôs answer to a generation that demands more from their
technology, their creativity, and their lives.

Flagship, now compact. Power, now one-handed. vivo X200 FE, built for those
who live vividly and move freely.

#### Price & Availability

The vivo X200 FE will be available across Pakistan in a 512GB storage variant
at a price of Rs. 219,999. Customers can pre-order the device starting 15th
July, while official sales will commence on 22nd July.

vivo offers comprehensive after-sales support, including a one-year warranty
for the X200 FE, a 15 ‚Äì day free replacement policy, and a 6-month warranty
for accessories. The device is officially approved by the Pakistan
Telecommunications Authority (PTA) and is fully compatible with all mobile
networks in Pakistan.

As an added benefit, Zong 4G users can enjoy 12GB of free mobile internet by
inserting their SIM card into Slot 1 including 2GB per month for 6 months.

For more details, visit the official product
page:<https://www.vivo.com/pk/products/X200FE>

[üì¢ For the latest Tech & Telecom news, videos and analysis join ProPakistani's
WhatsApp Group now!](https://chat.whatsapp.com/Dbt1VVnHvcy9sxNev9GShd)

[![Google News
link](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20512%20512'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Google
News link](https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/google-news-
icon.png)Follow ProPakistani on Google News & scroll through your favourite
content
faster!](https://news.google.com/publications/CAAqBwgKMJPrwwswtobbAw?ceid=PK:en&oc=3)

## Support independent journalism

If you want to join us in our mission to share independent, global journalism
to the world, we‚Äôd love to have you on our side. If you can, please support us
on a monthly basis. It takes less than a minute to set up, and you can rest
assured that you‚Äôre making a big impact every single month in support of open,
independent journalism. Thank you.

  * Monthly
  * One-time

Continue![accepted
cards](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20200%2033'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![accepted
cards](https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/themes/ppv5/img/accepted-
cards.png)![easypaisa
logo](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20209%2044'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![easypaisa
logo](https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/themes/ppv5/img/easypaisa.png)![easyoaisa QR for
payhments](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20613%20620'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![easyoaisa
QR for payhments](https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/themes/ppv5/img/pp-
easypaisa.jpg)CONTENT END 1Author Box###### [Shaheer
Mirza](https://propakistani.pk/author/shaheer/)Post Shares<div class="share-
count hidden-sm-up"> <h3>0</h3> <p>Comments</p> </div>Social ShareWordrpess
Comments OR Disqus<style> .example_responsive_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px;
} @media(min-width: 400px) { .example_responsive_1 { width: 336px; height:
280px; } } </style> <script type="rocketlazyloadscript" async data-rocket-
src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script> <ins
class="adsbygoogle example_responsive_1" style="display:inline-block" data-ad-
client="ca-pub-7300489448413787" data-ad-slot="3395151051"></ins> <script
type="rocketlazyloadscript"> (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle ||
[]).push({}); </script><div align="center"> <div class="mt-20"> <script
type="rocketlazyloadscript" async data-rocket-
src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script> <ins
class="adsbygoogle" style="display:block" data-ad-format="autorelaxed" data-
ad-client="ca-pub-7300489448413787" data-ad-slot="7124855453"></ins> <script
type="rocketlazyloadscript"> (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle ||
[]).push({}); </script> </div> </div>Mobile Prices<div class="row"> <iframe
loading="lazy" id="priceIframe" src="about:blank" style="width: 100%; margin-
top: 20px;" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" onload="resizeIframe(this)" data-
rocket-lazyload="fitvidscompatible" data-lazy-
src="https://propakistani.pk/price/iframe/"></iframe><noscript><iframe
id="priceIframe" src="https://propakistani.pk/price/iframe/" style="width:
100%; margin-top: 20px;" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
onload="resizeIframe(this)"></iframe></noscript> </div> <script> function
resizeIframe(obj) { obj.style.height =
obj.contentWindow.document.documentElement.scrollHeight + 'px';
jQuery("#priceIframe").contents().find(".container").css("max-width", "100%");
} </script>Recommended Posts<div id="recommended-posts"> <div class="widget">
<div class="widget-title"> <h2>Recommended for you</h2> </div> <ul
class="news_list inline"> <li> <div class="pp-new-thumb"> <a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/this-new-windows-11-feature-should-
help-save-hours-of-battery-life/"> <picture class="attachment-pp-featured-
thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-image" decoding="async"> <source
type="image/avif" data-lazy-srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/windows-11-395x235.jpg.avif"
srcset="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"/>
<img width="395" height="235"
src="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"
alt="" decoding="async" data-lazy-src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/windows-11-395x235.jpg"/> </picture>
<noscript><picture class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-
thumbnail wp-post-image" decoding="async"> <source type="image/avif"
srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/windows-11-395x235.jpg.avif"/> <img width="395"
height="235" src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/08/windows-11-395x235.jpg" alt="" decoding="async"/>
</picture> </noscript> </a> <div class="pp-post-title"> <span
style="background-color: #249991">Microsoft</span> <h6><a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/this-new-windows-11-feature-should-
help-save-hours-of-battery-life/">This New Windows 11 Feature Should Help Save
Hours of Battery Life</a></h6> </div> </div> </li> <li> <div class="pp-new-
thumb"> <a href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/faysal-bank-and-
smart1-tech-join-hands-to-advance-digital-payments-ecosystem/"> <picture
class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-
image" decoding="async"> <source type="image/avif" data-lazy-
srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Faysal-Bank-x-
Smart1-395x235.jpg.avif"
srcset="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"/>
<img width="395" height="235"
src="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"
alt="" decoding="async" data-lazy-src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Faysal-Bank-x-Smart1-395x235.jpg"/> </picture>
<noscript><picture class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-
thumbnail wp-post-image" decoding="async"> <source type="image/avif"
srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Faysal-Bank-x-
Smart1-395x235.jpg.avif"/> <img width="395" height="235"
src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Faysal-Bank-x-
Smart1-395x235.jpg" alt="" decoding="async"/> </picture> </noscript> </a> <div
class="pp-post-title"> <span style="background-color: #249991">Banking</span>
<h6><a href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/faysal-bank-and-smart1-tech-
join-hands-to-advance-digital-payments-ecosystem/">Faysal Bank and Smart1-Tech
Join Hands to Advance Digital Payments Ecosystem</a></h6> </div> </div> </li>
<li> <div class="pp-new-thumb"> <a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/student-created-web-series-adhi-raat-
tak-pushes-boundaries-of-pakistani-online-content/"> <picture
class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-
image" decoding="async"> <source type="image/avif" data-lazy-
srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Adhi-Raat-Tak-Web-
Series-395x235.jpg.avif"
srcset="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"/>
<img width="395" height="235"
src="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"
alt="" decoding="async" data-lazy-src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Adhi-Raat-Tak-Web-Series-395x235.jpg"/> </picture>
<noscript><picture class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-
thumbnail wp-post-image" decoding="async"> <source type="image/avif"
srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Adhi-Raat-Tak-Web-
Series-395x235.jpg.avif"/> <img width="395" height="235"
src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Adhi-Raat-Tak-Web-
Series-395x235.jpg" alt="" decoding="async"/> </picture> </noscript> </a> <div
class="pp-post-title"> <span style="background-color:
#249991">Entertainment</span> <h6><a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/student-created-web-series-adhi-raat-
tak-pushes-boundaries-of-pakistani-online-content/">Student-Created Web Series
‚ÄòAdhi Raat Tak‚Äô Pushes Boundaries of Pakistani Online Con‚Ä¶</a></h6> </div>
</div> </li> <li> <div class="pp-new-thumb"> <a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/rda-takes-major-decision-to-protect-
green-areas-in-rawalpindi/"> <picture class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail
size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-image" decoding="async"> <source
type="image/avif" data-lazy-srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/07/RDA-395x235.jpg.avif"
srcset="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"/>
<img width="395" height="235"
src="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns=&#039;http://www.w3.org/2000/svg&#039;%20viewBox=&#039;0%200%20395%20235&#039;%3E%3C/svg%3E"
alt="RDA Rawalpindi" decoding="async" data-lazy-
src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/RDA-395x235.jpg"/>
</picture> <noscript><picture class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-
featured-thumbnail wp-post-image" decoding="async"> <source type="image/avif"
srcset="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/07/RDA-395x235.jpg.avif"/> <img width="395" height="235"
src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/RDA-395x235.jpg"
alt="RDA Rawalpindi" decoding="async"/> </picture> </noscript> </a> <div
class="pp-post-title"> <span style="background-color:
#249991">Government</span> <h6><a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/rda-takes-major-decision-to-protect-
green-areas-in-rawalpindi/">RDA Takes Major Decision to Protect Green Areas in
Rawalpindi</a></h6> </div> </div> </li> <li> <div class="pp-new-thumb"> <a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/punjab-rolls-out-qr-codes-on-
property-tax-notices-to-combat-fraud/"> <img width="395" height="235"
src="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20395%20235'%3E%3C/svg%3E"
class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-
image" alt="" decoding="async" data-lazy-src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/property-tax-income-tax-395x235.jpg" /><noscript><img
width="395" height="235" src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/10/property-tax-income-tax-395x235.jpg"
class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-
image" alt="" decoding="async" /></noscript> </a> <div class="pp-post-title">
<span style="background-color: #249991">News</span> <h6><a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/punjab-rolls-out-qr-codes-on-
property-tax-notices-to-combat-fraud/">Punjab Rolls Out QR Codes on Property
Tax Notices to Combat Fraud</a></h6> </div> </div> </li> <li> <div class="pp-
new-thumb"> <a href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/karachis-water-crisis-
intensifies-after-fault-at-major-water-pumping-station/"> <img width="395"
height="235"
src="data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20395%20235'%3E%3C/svg%3E"
class="attachment-pp-featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-
image" alt="" decoding="async" data-lazy-src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/12/karachi-water-395x235.jpg" /><noscript><img
width="395" height="235" src="https://propakistani.pk/wp-
content/uploads/2024/12/karachi-water-395x235.jpg" class="attachment-pp-
featured-thumbnail size-pp-featured-thumbnail wp-post-image" alt=""
decoding="async" /></noscript> </a> <div class="pp-post-title"> <span
style="background-color: #249991">Environment &amp; Weather</span> <h6><a
href="https://propakistani.pk/2025/07/15/karachis-water-crisis-intensifies-
after-fault-at-major-water-pumping-station/">Karachi's Water Crisis
Intensifies After Fault at Major Water Pumping Station</a></h6> </div> </div>
</li> </ul> </div> </div>.entry-footer

